3) Print all the paths from root to every leaf in a binary tree.

4) Print the sum of all the numbers at every vertical level in a binary tree

5) Given a set of n jobs with [start time, end time, cost] find a subset so 
that no 2 jobs overlap and the cost is maximum ?

6) Given 1 trillion messages on fb and each message has at max 10 words, how
do you build the index table and how many machines do you need on the 
cluster to store the index table ?
total data = 1 trillion * 10 words * 6 bytes / word = 60TB = one small 
NetApp box
index by hashed userid ; will distribute traffic effectively across servers 
; cache active users recent messages in memory

mapreduce

return the value of a roman number given in a string

Given two string representations of binary numbers (e.g. "1001", "10") write
a function that adds them and returns the result as a string as well (e.g. 
"1011").

a) first, write a function to calculate the hamming distance between two 
binary numbers
(b) write a function that takes a list of binary numbers and returns the sum
of the hamming distances for each pair
O(n) solution is recore each position how many 1 and how many 0, and 
multiply them for each position and add together

combination

FB Check In services

Getting maximum and minimun number was not difficult but getting less than n
comparison was tricky
sorted? bucket? radix?

BFS

strstr()


The second problem was another classic DP problem. Finding the sum of 1's in
a submatrix. I went on to describe the recurring relation for the 
subproblem in the linear case. She didn't want me to do that and she quickly
said the solution to the 2D case was a generalization of the 1D case.
seems is find the max sum submatrix, time O(n^3), space O(n^2) 2D version of
Kadane's

Given a binary search tree, write an algorithm to find the kth smallest 
element 
inorder seach

binary search on a shifted array, find the offset (2) in log n
find the beginning of the array, if (right - left  <= 1) then return min(
left,right);

design newsfeed

Given a vector of Nodes, each of which contain the start and end time of a 
meeting, find the maximum number of rooms one would have to book for the day
. 
seems is the max overlap: 1) sort based on start time 2) scan meeting one by
one, insert new meeting, and then scan the meetings in linked list, if they
stil valid for the new start time, then max++, otherwise clear them out
time should be O(n^2)

How would you query for all the Places near a given coordinate? The focus is
on how to scale this to a large number of places while keeping response 
time to within acceptable user expectacions.  

bubble sort

given an array, find out the max sum of a set that each elements are non-
: ajacent